{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.smarthome.com/iphone_apps.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 http://www.smarthome.com/iphone_apps.html}}
\f0\fs24 \
Pros: Their system seems very complete. Every aspect of the house seems to be taken into account with many different home upgrades. The app looks very clean and easy to use.\
Cons: It only seems to work for the IOS\
Cost: The hub costs $119.99. Different items like switches and thermostats have a wide range of costs. Some within $30 - $50\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://shop.smartthings.com/#!/"}}{\fldrslt https://shop.smartthings.com/#!/}}\
Pros: This system is well thought out for sure. The app looks beautiful and every aspect of the home seems to be taken into account. The app works on every phone OS. Syncing new items seems to be wireless and easy. Many different payment options with starter packs, bundles and the likes.\
Cons: No apparent cons\
Cost: Starter packs go for $199.00 or $299.00\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.loxone.com/enus/products/software/apps.html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.loxone.com/enus/products/software/apps.html}}\
Pros: Decent looking app. Works with IOS and Android. The app can connect to many places of the home and offer some features the others don't advertise.\
Cons: The app is still in BETA. There are few items to plug into your home compared to some of the others.\
Cost: $329 to $549}