{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	This week was actually a lot of fun on top of being very insightful. I feel like I took a lot away from Hall of Fame. Luckily I managed to get into all the presentations I wanted to, but I know some people didn't. I was very surprised to see the amount of art and film students around me learning about different server side languages, methods and the future or mobile technology. Who knew so many people found those topics so interesting?\
	My favorite Hall of Fame talk I went to was the future of mobile technology. They focused mainly on wearables such as smart watches, google glass, and VR head sets. I was sightly disappointed to hear that no one really knew where the smart watch was going in the future. For example the smart watch for right now, only seems to be marketed to people who like to stay in shape with a few health apps. Smart watches can also receive text messages from your phone but I don't think those features alone is going to sell the whole watch idea to the masses. I thought it was interesting to hear that the new Apple Watch has multiple ways to interact with it. I would be curious to see what developers can do with that in the future.\
	In regards to my project, I touched up every single page and added some new ones for my login and sign up frames. I gave myself a little photoshop lesson and managed to figure out how to blur images. Now I can say all my pages are more consistent and all the backgrounds are now blurred. I also made the appropriate changes to my site map as well. I think I finally got a solid site designed now!}